Add fedora, haproxy and ffmpeg files (#135)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/fedora.md

---
name: Fedora
category: Operating System
description: Fedora is an open-source operating system based on the Linux kernel for hardware, clouds and containers.
download_url: https://fedoraproject.org/server/download
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 28
    release_date: 01/05/2018

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://fedoraproject.org
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: https://community.arm.com/arm-community-blogs/b/architectures-and-processors-blog/posts/spotlight-on-the-linux-software-ecosystem---the-fedora-project

>         partner_content: https://amperecomputing.com/developers/enabling-the-open-source-community

Author: This link talks about how ampere computing showcases their tests on arm64 servers. There is nothing mentioned about fedora for arm64.

        official_docs: https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Architectures/ARM
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: https://archives.fedoraproject.org/pub/archive/fedora/linux/releases/28/Server/
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: There are no release notes for ARM64. However, ARM64 binaries are published from version 28 release.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: There are no release notes for ARM64. However, AArch64 releases are published from version 28 release. Kindly refer [here](https://archives.fedoraproject.org/pub/archive/fedora/linux/releases/28/Server/).
```
